README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <h1>QUIZ<b>DOM🧠</b></h1>
</div>

## 🎓Overview

QUIZDOM is a web application for all kinds of users. Users can simply log in to be able to create and join quizzes via sharing the quiz code. There might be lots of quiz generating applications, but the idea of creating a quiz and then taking it on the same platform and evaluating the students in such an amazingly easier way is quite innovative, where a teacher will create a quiz and have control over its shareability and access. Upon enabling public access, the app will provide a unique and secure quiz code that can be shared with students. Quiz code will be used by students to join the quiz and to avoid anonymous spamming entries. A list of students and their marks in respective quizzes will be shared with the creator/ teacher of the quiz.

## 💡Live Preview

Take a look at the live <a href="https://quizdom-quiz.netlify.app/" target="_blank">Preview of the app.</a>.

## ✨Functional Requirements

- ### Teacher

  - The teacher should be able to Sign up/Sign in.
  - The teacher should be able to create quizzes.
  - The teacher should be able to control access to quizzes.
  - The teacher should be able to copy and share the quiz - code.
  - The teacher should be able to view/ delete the responses.

- ### Student
  - The student should be able to Sign up/Sign in.
  - The student should be able to attempt a quiz by using the quiz code.
  - The student should be able to see his/ her score in the attempted quizzes.

## Scripts:
 - `npm start` : starts client and backend concurrently

Commit message:

📖 DOC: Add Project Configuration Guidelines

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <h1>QUIZ<b>DOM🧠</b></h1>
</div>

## 🎓Overview

QUIZDOM is a web application for all kinds of users. Users can simply log in to be able to create and join quizzes via sharing the quiz code. There might be lots of quiz generating applications, but the idea of creating a quiz and then taking it on the same platform and evaluating the students in such an amazingly easier way is quite innovative, where a teacher will create a quiz and have control over its shareability and access. Upon enabling public access, the app will provide a unique and secure quiz code that can be shared with students. Quiz code will be used by students to join the quiz and to avoid anonymous spamming entries. A list of students and their marks in respective quizzes will be shared with the creator/ teacher of the quiz.

## 💡Live Preview

Take a look at the live <a href="https://quizdom-app.herokuapp.com/" target="_blank">Preview of the app.</a>.

## ✨Functional Requirements

- ### Teacher

  - The teacher should be able to Sign up/Sign in.
  - The teacher should be able to create quizzes.
  - The teacher should be able to control access to quizzes.
  - The teacher should be able to copy and share the quiz - code.
  - The teacher should be able to view/ delete the responses.

- ### Student
  - The student should be able to Sign up/Sign in.
  - The student should be able to attempt a quiz by using the quiz code.
  - The student should be able to see his/ her score in the attempted quizzes.

## 🚀 Configuration Guidlelines

- Create an account on firebase.google.com and add the API key in the src/firebase/firebase.js file.
- Add the MongoDB API key (either local server key or from the Atlas MongoDB remote server) in backend/src/server.js.
- Install MongoDB Server if you want to use the database locally.
  Install Node.js to use npm and node services.
- Open a terminal with the path set to the root directory of the project and run `npm install` command to install the required packages.
- Open a new terminal with the path set to the backend directory of the project and run `npm install` command to install the required packages.
- After successful installation of all packages, run command `npm start` in the terminal with the path set to the root directory and wait for the project to initiate.

## Supported Environments

- Windows/ macOS/ Linux operating systems are supported for the development of the respective project.
